hello in this video I'm going to teach you to
have your camomile plant your
plants because it's worth it and so we'll have
very many
from an infusion that you can
find in any market
infusions or in any market of
kitchen or food products and it 's a
example here in Spain is in the leader
the solution is to be at the level in the
consumption in mercadona in all that
then we take the infusion of
chamomile
and it is caught and here
the infusion opens
and good we use the two centers
because it has enough seeds what of the
infusion are the seeds of
of the league brand
they fuck
it opens
and if you put
all the infusion
and there is all the chamomile seed
but what happened to me with so much seed
the same guard
now it removes quite well and removes
so that I alone will be doing
and you pour water with that water and
vain
because the seeds some of them
they will lock up with that little water they will find out
they started being born
more or less it will take from 10 to 15 days in
do
and so
see you in the next video bye bye